fix: remove rti from navigations (#1821)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/gorgeous-impalas-knock.md

---
"@rhds/elements": minor
---

`<rh-subnav>`:

>  - removed Roving Tabindex keyboard navigation in favor of tab based navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - removed arrow-key keyboard navigation in favor of tab navigation.
```
